README.md, before:

```
                        _____  .__       .__   ____  __.                          
                       /     \ |__| ____ |__| |    |/ _|________________    ______
                      /  \ /  \|  |/    \|  | |      <_/ __ \_  __ \__  \  /  ___/
                     /    Y    \  |   |  \  | |    |  \  ___/|  | \// __ \_\___ \ 
                     \____|__  /__|___|  /__| |____|__ \___  >__|  (____  /____  >
                             \/        \/             \/   \/           \/     \/ 
```

<h1 align="center">
  Mini Keras
</h1>

<h3 align="center">
An advanced and lightweight ML and Deep learning library for python.
</h3>

</h3>

<p align="center">

<a href="https://www.python.org/">
    <img src="http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg" alt="Made with Python" />
</a>

</p>

**NOTE**: We are not affliated with [Keras](https://github.com/keras-team) in any way.
We're making a lightweight library for ML and Deep learning.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome. After cloning & setting up project locally, you can just submit 
a PR to this repo and it will be deployed once it's accepted.

⚠️ It’s good to have descriptive commit messages, or PR titles so that other contributors can understand about your 
commit or the PR Created. Read [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.3/) before 
making the commit message.

## 💬 Get in touch

If you have various suggestions, questions or want to discuss things wit our community, Join our discord server!

[![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/695008516590534758/widget.png?style=shield)](https://discord.gg/cSC5ZZwYGQ)

## Show your support

We love people's support in growing and improving. Be sure to leave a ⭐️ if you like the project and 
also be sure to contribute, if you're interested!

## 📢 Changelog

**Coming soon!**

## Maintainers

Me and one of my really closest friends maintain this repo and we aim to provide the best, free open source API for deep learning, can be useful and lightweight, hence making it accessible.

- [Rohith](https://github.com/Rohith04MVK)
- [Sunrit Jana](https://github.com/janaSunrise)

## License

- [GPL V3](https://github.com/Rohith04MVK/Mini-Keras/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Principle and ethics from our side, Added in README.md

README.md, after:

```
                        _____  .__       .__   ____  __.                          
                       /     \ |__| ____ |__| |    |/ _|________________    ______
                      /  \ /  \|  |/    \|  | |      <_/ __ \_  __ \__  \  /  ___/
                     /    Y    \  |   |  \  | |    |  \  ___/|  | \// __ \_\___ \ 
                     \____|__  /__|___|  /__| |____|__ \___  >__|  (____  /____  >
                             \/        \/             \/   \/           \/     \/ 
```

<h1 align="center">
  Mini Keras
</h1>

<h3 align="center">
An advanced and lightweight ML and Deep learning library for python.
</h3>

</h3>

<p align="center">

<a href="https://www.python.org/">
    <img src="http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg" alt="Made with Python" />
</a>

</p>

**NOTE**: We are not affliated with [Keras](https://github.com/keras-team) in any way.
We're making a lightweight library for ML and Deep learning.

## Our principle and Ethics

OUR Principles and Ethics:

- We believe in resources not used, is resources wasted. Hence we have GPU support for people who want speed.
- We believe in lightweight things, and speeding things up for everyone by default, hence we have kept it 
  lightweight, and speeding it up as we go.
- Having an easy to use API is always recommended and better, our API is easy to use, get started, and suits 
  the needs of everyone.
- The code we write, follows several linting rules. We believe clean code is the best.
- Keeping things separate, and different is a good way to manage large things, and we're trying to follow 
  that and make the API understandable for everyone.
- **We believe in all the factors combine and make a beautiful, and a production end product, And We'll be giving our 
  best towards the following things:**
  - Keeping things the best quality
  - Enforcing rules to keep things safe, and clean
  - Being active, and helping out the community.
  - Reaching out, and helping those who need it.

If you're contributing, we hope you follow the contributing guidelines, and our principles. If this is new 
to you, It's gonna be a lot helpful in the future too when working with teams and other people, and increases 
the quality of several factors in many ways.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome. After cloning & setting up project locally, you can just submit 
a PR to this repo and it will be deployed once it's accepted.

⚠️ It’s good to have descriptive commit messages, or PR titles so that other contributors can understand about your 
commit or the PR Created. Read [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.3/) before 
making the commit message.

## 💬 Get in touch

If you have various suggestions, questions or want to discuss things wit our community, Join our discord server!

[![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/695008516590534758/widget.png?style=shield)](https://discord.gg/cSC5ZZwYGQ)

## Show your support

We love people's support in growing and improving. Be sure to leave a ⭐️ if you like the project and 
also be sure to contribute, if you're interested!

## 📢 Changelog

**Coming soon!**

## Maintainers

Me and one of my really closest friends maintain this repo and we aim to provide the best, free open source API for deep learning, can be useful and lightweight, hence making it accessible.

- [Rohith](https://github.com/Rohith04MVK)
- [Sunrit Jana](https://github.com/janaSunrise)

## License

- [GPL V3](https://github.com/Rohith04MVK/Mini-Keras/blob/main/LICENSE)
